girlfriend:I have two minutes. Make up your mind.
wife:A happy marriage?
sex:I have two minutes. Make up your mind.
bomb:Can you defuse that?
c4:Can you defuse that?
explosive:Can you defuse that?
grenade:Can you defuse that?
inception:Stay.
cooper:Stay.
i'm leaving:Stay.
kill:You don't have to kill these people.
afterlife:I resign.
suicide:The suicide pills are fake.
pill:The suicide pills are fake.
aim it:It's empty
pull the trigger:It's empty
causality:But cause comes before effect
don't try to understand it:Instinct.
ammo:I've seen this type of ammunition before.
7.62:I've seen this type of ammunition before.
9mm:I've seen this type of ammunition before.
5.56:I've seen this type of ammunition before.
5.45:I've seen this type of ammunition before.
5.56mm:I've seen this type of ammunition before.
5.45mm:I've seen this type of ammunition before.
5.56x45:I've seen this type of ammunition before.
5.45x39:I've seen this type of ammunition before.
5.56x45mm:I've seen this type of ammunition before.
5.45x39mm:I've seen this type of ammunition before.
7.62x25:I've seen this type of ammunition before.
7.62x25mm:I've seen this type of ammunition before.
7.62x39:I've seen this type of ammunition before.
7.62x39mm:I've seen this type of ammunition before.
7.62x51:I've seen this type of ammunition before.
7.62x51mm:I've seen this type of ammunition before.
7.62x54:I've seen this type of ammunition before.
take a child hostage:If I had to.
take a hostage:If I had to.
do you drink:Well I prefer soda water.
vodka:Well I prefer soda water.
beer:Well I prefer soda water.
wine:Well I prefer soda water.
whiskey:Well I prefer soda water.
rum:Well I prefer soda water.
tequila:Well I prefer soda water.
coke:Well I prefer soda water.
parachuting:I broke an ankle during basic training.
bungee-jumpable:I don't think bungee-jumpable is a word.
ukraine:I was almost taken out by a very unusual type of ammunition in Ukraine.
opera house:I was almost taken out by a very unusual type of ammunition in Ukraine.
assumption:Deduction.
negotiate:I'm not the man they send to negotiate.
deal:I'm not the man they send to negotiate.
andrei sator:The Russian oligarch.
mi6:Is it safe to involve British Intelligence?
presume:Presume away.
waiter:No just pass on the order.
secret city:Closed cities not shown on maps. Built around sensitive industries.
secret cities:Closed cities not shown on maps. Built around sensitive industries.
stalsk:Closed cities not shown on maps. Built around sensitive industries.
tailor:You British don't have a monopoly on snobbery you know.
sauce:I ordered my hot sauce an hour ago.
chilli:I ordered my hot sauce an hour ago.
restaurant:I ordered my hot sauce an hour ago.
sriracha:I ordered my hot sauce an hour ago.
guess:Guessing?
nuclear:Temporal.
time travel:No, Technology that can invert object's entropy.
lie:Lying is standard operating procedure.
lying:Lying is standard operating procedure.
truth:Lying is standard operating procedure.
optimistically:Pessimistically?
did you know:Posterity.
do you know:Posterity.
mission accomplished:You used me.